Add Gen AI Example using Internal Library (#12)
GDP-ADMIN/gen-ai-examples: examples/gen-ai-internal-hello-world/README.md

> # GenAI RAGO Example
> 
> This is an example of how to use the gllm-pipeline library to build a simple RAG pipeline.
> 
> > [!WARNING]
> > The GenAI SDK is currently only available for Linux, macOS, and Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# GenAI RAGO Example using gen-ai-internal

This is an example of how to use the gllm-pipeline library to build a simple RAG pipeline using [GDP-ADMIN/gen-ai-internal](https://github.com/GDP-ADMIN/gen-ai-internal) source code.  If you are looking for an example using the binary SDK, please check [gen-ai-hello-world](examples/gen-ai-hello-world).
```

Since this is for an example without using the binary SDK

> ## Prerequisites

Reviewer 2: Please add information on how to generate and add SSH Key as we're using SSH protocol to get the library.

Also, see if we can automatically check if we can check for GitHub repo access (just like how we check for artifact registry access).

Reviewer: I personally think putting it on the prerequisites is the better option as people would only read the FAQs if they got into an error during the installation process.

Reviewer 2: yes, let's put it in the pre-requisite as well.

Don't delete the information in FAQ.

   - For Windows Command Prompt:
      
      ```cmd
      local-start.bat
      ```

   - For Windows Powershell:
      
      ```powershell
      .\local-start.bat
      ```

The program will then wait for your question:

> Question:

Type your question and press enter. For example, you can try asking:

```
What are the documents?
```

The RAG pipeline will return the following response (more or less):

> _The documents mentioned are referred to as Mock document 1, Mock document 2, and Mock document 3. However, without additional context or content from these documents, I cannot provide specific details about their contents or purposes._

## FAQs

### 1. I got error `Unable to access repository GDP-ADMIN/gen-ai-internal. Please check your GitHub credentials and repository permissions.`. How do I fix it?

You need to add your SSH key to the Github account. Please follow this [link to add SSH keys to your account](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account).

> 

Reviewer: I think we need to add details on how to check if the user has the needed repo permissions.

Reviewer 2: Considering https://github.com/GDP-ADMIN/gen-ai-examples/pull/12#issuecomment-2609145149, let's just rely on `poetry install` for the repo check. We can add the check when there's a more reliable way.
